Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai, you're
watching the China Show. I'm Y Ivon Man
with David.
>> Good morning. Let's get your top stories
today. President Trump announces a trade
deal with Indonesia that could serve as
a template for other nations eager to
soften the blow of tariffs.
>> The dollar and US treasuries in focus
with Trump piling pressure on Fed chair
J. Powell. Investors now trimming their
US rate cut bets following muted
inflation data. And Chinese tech stocks
in focus set to rise as companies regain
access to US chips. Traders are now
waiting to hear from Nvidia boss Jensen
Huang who is set to deliver a speech in
Beijing.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to the show. This
is pretty much a story that's really
sums up quite nicely the story across
equity markets currently it's tech AI
and then everything else right given
just the you know the the everchanging
contours of these trade conversations
taking place but is clear a clear winner
though so far has been AI we talked
about Nvidia TSMC on top of the gains
yesterday and overnight so we're opening
up 1% higher that's lifting the TX index
S&P futures and the rest of the Asia
Pacific as you can see either rangebound
or more to the downside. The other big
story of course on the macro space given
everything else that's taking place is
this meltup we're seeing in the long end
of sovereign yield curves right US at
30-year of course was a big story
overnight up above 5% we are seeing uh
to a large extent of course some parts
of the region here also seeing a meltup
in yields the 10-year yield in Japan at
about the levels this time yesterday the
30-year and the 40 years is what we're
watching very closely it's about 369
give or take here on the 40-year yield
which we're tracking closely ly. Beyond
that, we're back to fairly decent
superlatives as it pertains to
generational highs. A quick glance at
the dollar right now. As you can see,
some weakness coming through after four
days of gains on the Bloomberg dollar
index. Again, tech and what happened
overnight, 3%. And as you can see, some
stocks were tracking going into the open
today. And that being said, have a look
at futures right now. And we are
actually now uh a good day or two away
from taking out the the March highs in
the Hanging Index. Might not happen
today. able to see of course what
happens. But yes, we did close above the
June highs on Hingen index and a little
bit more we could see Ivon this week
perhaps a new highs here for the uh for
the Hing index, but we'll see.
>> Yeah, we'll see. I mean, it continues to
be the story of I guess southbound flows
and and the like that really continue to
drive Hong Kong and the likes higher
here. But yes, we're also seeing catchup
in the Asshare market as well. Let's get
to your top story here this morning.
President Trump says he's likely to
impose tariffs on pharmaceuticals as
soon as the end of the month and that
levies on chips could come soon.
Earlier, he announced a deal with
Indonesia that will see its exports to
the US face a 19% tariff.
>> Indonesia was great. He's a great
president and we made a a terrific deal
where they opened up the entire country
to trade with the United States. We
weren't allowed to go in and trade. I
think something similar will happen with
with I would say India.
>> Let's get to our news desk editor Jill
Dies. She's with us right now on the
Indonesia side of things. So I mean this
was one of the two dozen I guess trading
partners that did receive letters. I
think initially was a 32% levy. Now
we're talking about 19. What does this
tell us about how these negotiations are
going?
>> Yes, that's right, Ivon. And I think
that's the right way to think about it
too is what this can tell us about
potentially what this may mean for other
nations that did receive letters because
I mean in aggregate I think US Indonesia
goods trade is somewhere around was
somewhere around $40 billion last year.
So this isn't one of the US's biggest
trading partners but it is one of the
countries to receive as you mentioned
one of those letters. Um, and so when
those letters first started going out a
couple of weeks ago, I think the idea
was maybe um, you know, I guess last
week really, um, the idea was maybe that
gives these uh, nations time uh, to
negotiate something new ahead of this
August 1st deadline. It does seem like
maybe we're getting that if they got
this 19% rate. Although I do want to
caution everybody once again uh, we
don't have a white paper for uh, this
particular agreement. We've got some
basic details that Trump is saying.
We've got the Indonesia side saying that
they're preparing a joint statement. So
maybe there's something more coming
there. And I also want to remind
everyone that we were in a really really
kind of similarish position last week
with Vietnam where Trump uh you know
kind of front runs this idea of an
announcement 20% tariffs on Vietnam and
you know we were hearing uh you know
just a few days later from people
familiar that uh that Vietnam was
actually caught by a surprise by that
20% rate and they're still trying to
negotiate something lower. So, um, yes,
while this, uh, latest rate on Indonesia
that Trump is imposing is, um, you know,
is again saying that he's agre agreeing
to is, um, somewhat lower than what that
letter said, I do think there's a lot of
open questions about how much room there
may be to negotiate. And I still do
think we really need a statement from
Jakarta before, uh, you know, we really
kind of know for certain what may or may
not be in this deal. And once again, as
with all of the agreements um that Trump
has announced so far, whether it's this
or Vietnam or or the UK, um I mean, it's
maybe that does um you know, involve
some kind of, you know, element of the
tariff rates, but there's still so much
more, including as we've been talking
about some of these potential sectoral
tariffs that kind of come into the
equation. So, the story doesn't just end
with this announcement of this uh this
this deal. There there clearly is is
probably some more to come. the you know
we we keep talking about how this and I
think you know a few weeks ago Vietnam's
could have been a template for what
we're looking at ahead and you know two
things come to mind I wonder if you
could talk us through this so one is
it's not clear at least to me what
Indonesia seem will be getting from this
number two is it just me or is the
baseline effective tariffs seem to be
creeping up from 10 to 20
>> yeah no uh David I don't think it's just
you think um investors are also thinking
this as well. I mean, when you're
looking at, you know, some of these
tariffs, remember, I mean, I realize it
now feels like eons ago, but back in
April when we were talking about, you
know, potentially as a starting point, a
10% global baseline tariff, that kind of
seemed to be where we were starting with
and then obviously there was room to
negotiate within all of these additional
reciprocal duties that Trump was
imposing. Uh now though, I mean, if uh
you know, the the the direction of
travel seems to be okay, well, if
Vietnam's getting a 20% tariff,
Indonesia's getting a 19% tariff, then
yes, I would agree with you that it does
seem like maybe we're kind of
normalizing around a new baseline rate
for countries. I do have to again add
that um you know, a lot of this comes
down to the Trump executive order side
of things or that reciprocal tariff side
of things. So that is I think pretty
widely seen as um you know domestically
in the United States the types of
tariffs that are more likely to meet
legal uh challenges than say those
sectoral tariffs. But then when you
start to bring those into the equation
and you're talking about 50% tariffs on
copper potentially 200% tariffs on
pharmaceuticals. Um you know that's you
know that's another part of the the
question. The other thing I'd say as
with Indonesia, so what Trump has said
is um they've agreed to purchase 15
billion US dollars in US energy, $4.5
billion worth of agricultural products,
and 50 Boeing jets. Although I think
there's still a lot of questions about
what exactly is involved in that Boeing
jet deal. Um particularly because the
state-owned airline in Indonesia still
has um some Boeing MaxJets on order that
they never received from some years ago.
So again, lots of questions here.
>> All right, Jill, we got through a lot.
Thank you, Jill Das there, our news desk
editor. uh uh to really kind of speed
bring things to up to speed for us here.
And in terms of the agenda here today,
uh it is still about an earnings story.
Certainly, we'll watch what close on uh
when it comes to the likes of PopMart.
They came out with a pretty interesting
forecast, right? They're talking about a
350% surge in profit thanks to Yeah,
we're talking about Laboos. All right,
Jenzen Hang though, he's in China. He
stepped down in Beijing and we are
likely to see maybe some sort of speech
or the like. We'll see uh in the next
hour as well. of course on the back of
them getting that green light that they
can start uh delivering some of these uh
H20 chips to China at least resume that
as well. So that's certainly the Nvidia
story is still very much uh live here
today. Albanese in China will continue
his trip as well. HKD and Hibbore right.
So we did see another intervention from
the HKMA. We'll watch of course Honky
Dollar what this means for Hibbor. That
certainly does lead to maybe more
liquidity here in Hong Kong if we
continue to see rates lower. Right. And
then sectors we say biotech still hot
hot hot batteries and tech there were
some export controls that were put into
place that China has added. So watch out
for those sectors too.
>> Yeah. Uh and and to the point we were
making on tech you know the AI story
really permeates across these Chinese
markets. Alibaba is now called slightly
higher to the upside massive move up
overnight. A lot of the A plays in focus
and certainly the big story here was
Nvidia and AMD as well. Yeah, saying
that they have received assurances that
the White House will allow them to
export some chips to China, marking a
dramatic reversal of the previous stance
coming out of the White House.
>> You might say that that was a
negotiating uh chip that we used in
Geneva and in London. It was all part of
a mosaic. uh you they had things we
wanted, we had things they wanted and
you know we're in a very good place. I
expect to meet my ch Chinese
counterpart, the vice premiere in the
next few weeks.
>> The China market is so large and it's so
dynamic.
AI is moving very fast in China. So many
uh AI startups, all of the cloud service
providers, Alibaba is doing Q is doing
so well. Tencent is doing so well. Of
course, my good friends at Xiaomi,
they're doing so well. AI is being
applied to everything from consumer
applications,
internet shopping, uh, grocery delivery
to, of course, uh, self-driving cars
and, you know, all these incredible,
incredible applications. And so, I'm
very happy to see the AI development
here in China.
Let's get more context uh here now and
certainly more details with Adam
Jewelers of course our tech
correspondent here with us of course and
you know this is not a coincidence that
Jensen Hang is in Beijing.
>> Not a coincidence he's in Beijing. Not a
coincidence he went and visited
President Trump just before he went to
China as well. So the timing of this of
course you can say it's it's fairly
planned but but it's it's it's a big
positive for Nvidia. It's a big positive
for the likes of AMD as well. and and
and you heard there that he was speaking
to CCTV shortly after this announcement
or or just around this announcement
taking place and he was really very
positive about the outlook for AI in
China. Of course, it's a major market
for Nvidia making up around 13% of their
sales in the last year just to directly
to China alone. But we will be hearing
from him actually because he's in
Beijing for for a conference that's the
international supply chain expo in
Beijing. It kicks off this morning. He
could be speaking maybe in the next hour
or so. Uh but yes, as our as our
analysts have been saying at Bloomberg
Intelligence, this is something that
really could help Nvidia uh make up this
shortfall that they'd already
highlighted or flagged given the lack of
sales of H20 to China. So they were
looking at maybe a shortfall of $15
billion for for the full fiscal year.
Same for AMD. I mean just in the second
half they were looking up to $900
million. How much of that can they now
claw back? Uh
>> obviously he's sending a good message to
who he talks to in Beijing. Is he going
to be just kind of rushing to make these
deals or what do we know right now in
terms of the business in China for
Nvidia? What can they do?
>> Yeah, that's that's a that's a an
interesting question. I mean certainly
they their H20 chips are really
important for inference. So they're
really important for the training or the
deployment of AI models and that is
really critical because that's where
you're really at in China right now.
You're moving to that application layer.
So how much diffusion can you see of AI
taking place? It's going to be as he's
already mentioned some of those
interesting companies like the likes of
Alibaba for instance, Xiai, you saw that
stock market reaction as well. So yes, I
mean generally it can be seen as a
positive because Nvidia's chips are
still superior and you heard that from
Scott Besson as well, but just saying
still superior to what Huawei has in the
market right now and that is the
strategy of China or Washington rather.
They want to to have companies including
Chinese companies that continue to build
on AI infrastructure and that's what
that's what stops Chinese companies from
catching up.
>> And just quickly speaking of
semiconductors it's times at 9 in about
4 hours from now Dutch company ASML will
be reporting earnings. This is a very
interesting one because ASML produces
well they produce lithography machines
but they produce very high-end
lithography machines. And we had a
report earlier this week from a US think
tank where they were saying and we know
this to be true but but essentially this
is one of the key bottlenecks for China.
They cannot make these lithography
equipment to the same extent that ASML
is able to do. They are critical to the
manufacturing of semiconductors. What's
interesting though for for companies
like ASML that are compliant with these
restrictions that are led by the US that
they don't send their most advanced
machines to China. But what signal does
it send if the US is also prepared to
roll back some of their own
restrictions? It's it's it's puts
companies like ASML in in quite a tricky
place moving forward. But definitely
you've seen that reflected in the stock
price because it's down around 30% over
the past 12 months. analysts a bit
concerned around okay you've got that
high-end demand but the customers for
those machines Samsung Intel TSMC I mean
the first two I said are facing issues
right now in this space
>> yeah and you got to wonder now that the
US has I guess changed a little bit
their stance on how they look at these
export curves what does it mean for the
likes of Netherlands and Japan which
kind of agreed on this sort of path to
try right maybe compliance is going to
be an issue whether they actually
continue on with these curbs uh
regionally as well all right great stuff
Julie our tech correspondent with the
latest on Jensen Huang. I just want to
bring you some live pictures out of
Beijing right now as it looks like the
Australian Prime Minister Anthony
Albanzy, he's at the Great Wall right
now. Uh maybe taking out checking out
the scenes and and views there, but
certainly uh yeah, talking a little bit
more about this trip. I mean, he's been
able to really kind of sidestep some of
the thornier issues related to the
USChina competition here right now. His
focus really has been on business and
trade opportunities so far.
>> Yeah. even though it seems like he's
there for golf. Uh
>> he's very casual.
>> Yeah, but there we go. He's gonna the
nice casual cap uh for most at least of
the picture we've seen so far. We'll
leave this there for now and of course
this is something we'll track very
closely throughout the course of the
session including of course later on
separately as Belle is pointing out
speech coming through out of Jansen
Huang going into the open today 15
minutes away the Wednesday session the
opening bell Shanghai Shanzhen and here
in Hong Kong this is the China show.
Good morning.
[Music]
>> Good morning. Welcome back to the show
here. So, yeah, the top market themes of
the day, right? mute muted US inflation
although you do see some elements of
maybe some of the tariffs starting to
show up uh in US inflation trade deals
across the region of course Indonesia
was the big is the big story today we've
yet to hear though from the Indonesians
uh we've had a UBS upgrade out of for
Chinese GDP and of course the AI stock
rally we talked about Nvidia TSMC and
might we see that in Chinese tech today
the key market themes as we go into the
session today here
>> yeah there's so many themes right let's
bring in Katarina Abigos CIO for Asia X
Japan core investments at AXA investment
managers. Take a look at all those
market themes right now. What's going to
be the key thing you're watching out for
for the rest of the year?
>> Well, I think it's still the same key
catalyst that are going to drive
outcomes. You know, it's obviously
tariffs are in the front stage for
investors. uh we have obviously fiscal
policies which are certainly important
and obviously tech is is driving
outcomes and is going to continue to do
so because again it's still a prevalent
and a secular theme that investors are
looking at and certainly there's a lot
of dynamics that uh are going to evolve
into your end
>> I'm looking at some of the the things
you've scribbled here and I wonder if
you could just translate this to us
simple English
>> um so alpha we are not in beta markets
right now so for our viewers what does
this mean exactly
>> yeah and I think this Security selection
and sector selection, country selection
is key, right? We're not yet in the
market where everything rates across the
board. Uh and one of the questions in
previous interviews, are we going to get
in double digit returns? Well, some
parts of the market, some countries are
in double digits already, but you need
to be selective. It's not a situations
where everything across the board is
rallying. Uh we could get into a
situation potentially in US and later
part of the year if we get a Fed cut. Uh
that is non-recessionary. You know I
think market it just lifts all the all
the boats if you might say tide high
tide lifts all the boats. So uh for now
we need to still stay focused around
what are the tariff implications what
are going to be the fiscal implications
and latter for what's happening in tech.
>> How are you seeing that in earnings?
Have you seeing any sort of tariff pass
through or impact on earnings so far?
>> So in terms of earnings I mean by and
large in US tech is still expected to be
the leader in terms of that delivery
around 14%. the broader market is
expected to lag and and I think for
broader market to or the market to
broaden in terms of earnings recovery uh
we need to see leverage coming back
confidence coming back so we need to see
a resolution of tariffs we also need to
see that the Fed has room to maneuver in
a second second part of the year which
is the expectation uh and that will
allow companies to start to deploy back
into growth and I think that's where and
I think one part that we shouldn't
forget is the big beautiful bill that
has actually provided some new catalyst
with tax exemptions with some of the
amortization of equipment or R&D
investment for some industrials again is
creating a new theme for uh for us is
industrialization of US and I think that
is something that could emerge in the
letter part in 2025 but also 2026 and
onwards
>> we talked about Nvidia here since
yesterday and you know I wonder and to
your point we've have new catalysts
right now in other parts is US
exceptionalism back
>> yeah I think it's I still tech is is
keeping that alive for sure. Uh and I
think uh the resolution what is key as I
said I think the resolution of tariffs
and again not an escalation from where
we are now but I think a positive
resolution of tariffs uh from that I
think will give a lot more scope for us
to to recover and continue and again
we'll potentially not uh play with
inflation inflation is a risk but a put
a positive resolution of tariffs I think
will keep that under control will let
Fed allow Fed to continue to normalize
monetary policy which is key and the the
last Analyst again we need need to look
at uh in terms of um uh what are the the
the corporates the ability of corporates
to start to deploy into growth and again
leverage coming back uh more shareholder
friendly activity to come back like M&A
which again is dependent on those
elements that I've just talked about.
>> So do what what's the sort of advice to
clients now is it to diversify or not I
mean and where to how much allocation
should I have in the US and for the most
part how much to hedge too right now.
Yeah, we need to be selective. Again, I
guess I said it's not a a situation
where we're going to go all in into uh
and again talking about the markets.
Again, we need to look at sectors. I
think tech is expected still to stay
resilient. Uh and we constructive. This
is a secular theme. Uh that is going to
continue to deliver for for years to
come. Uh again, we need to look started
to look at industrial financials. We've
seen the results yesterday. they are
going to stay resilient again because
the Fed has delayed the normalization of
policy which is good for uh net net
interest margins and also we have
financials which will potentially
capitalize uh on uh activity starting to
pick up on uh um IPOs M&A and we've seen
already in Hong Kong record the IPOs
starting to to to materialize right so I
think this is something where financials
will stay resilient and the latter one I
would say probably in some order to
toward a degree tech I would say
financials a good place and and I say
the part of the industrials that I've
talked about I think it stands to
benefit in longer term for for us all
coming all in place. Yeah.
>> The I was going to ask you about
treasuries but now like JGB seem to be
sort of the other parts of the rising
yield story. Which one do I need to
worry about as a global allocator? Which
one might have I guess globally
globalwide disruptive capacity? I think
if I had to say and this is a a
generalization if you were to say US uh
investors if yields reach a certain
level the for US treasuries investors
will deem it as a good value and they'll
tend to step in. Uh and one thing as
well when you look at investors uh in US
the pool of investors for treasuries is
much larger. Uh so you have private
investors you have even retail investors
you have institutionals you have foreign
investors. When it comes to Japan, first
of all, 50% or largely 50% of that is
owned by Bank of Japan. A lot of it is
home driven. I think about only 20 18%
of of is owned by global. So very small
portion portion of that. So when it
comes to harnessing that value
opportunity, I think it's going to take
slower time to bring the yields down.
And I think there's a for for JGBs also
there's a structural uh problem of
demand. uh a large part of the the
investors there were um insurers and
that is started to to unwind in terms of
demand from that part of the market.
Yeah.
>> Okay. Uh China will be staying with us
for some final thoughts in a couple of
minutes here. Uh while we get into the
session today 7 minutes away give or
take six minutes away now futures are
now pointing and yeah hanging index at
247 half of 1% to the upside. Plenty
more ahead. This is the China show.
[Music]
Okay. Right. Welcome back. So yesterday
we closed above the June highs of the
hanging index and right now at 24704
actually now puts us at about the
midpoint between the level then and this
high that we had back in March. above
that it's fresh 20 25 highs. Let's see
what happens of course when we get into
the open 113 points right now to the
upside. Ivon.
>> Yeah, the premarket is looking pretty
good here right now. Take a look how
tech is doing. We're also up for a
fourth straight day so far. Looks like
got to thank Nvidia for that as well. We
got the open coming up. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
right? Welcome back. Happy
Wednesday. When is it?
>> It's hump day.
>> Yes, there we go. Okay, that's the
important thing. That's the important
thing. It's uh we're looking at some
upside right now going into the Hong
Kong Open. So, yeah, we're very close to
setting a new high for the year on the
Hanging Index. A50 futures are flat. the
rest of the region though either flat or
slightly to the downside with the
exception of tech of course which has
reemerged as a as a catalyst in the last
24 hours.
>> Yeah, you really got to thank Jensen
Huang and all the lobbying he's done
maybe the past few months to try to kind
of get this green light right of it H20
chips uh resuming that sort of shipment
to China. That certainly is going to be
the key catalyst here when it comes to
the tech space AI trade and the like.
And then you got to add on to the the
economics are looking a little bit
better as well. that GDP print that we
got out of China yesterday just fresh
off the press. Morgan Stanley, they also
upgraded their growth forecast for 2025
to 4.8%. Robin Shing and his team there.
UBS also overnight raising it to 4.7. So
fundamentals looking a little bit good.
We'll see what happens of course the
rest of the year because you know
certainly the tariff impact is one
thing. Uh you take a look when it comes
to how on markets doing. We're pretty
flat right now. We're watching very
closely what goes on in the tech space
in Hong Kong. But really when it comes
to some of these large caps like CL
that's slightly to the downside today.
Quay Charles catching a slight bid. Iron
ore we're seeing gains about 1% but crew
is heading the opposite direction. So um
but right now it seems like for the most
part uh we're looking okay. Take a look
at when it comes to Hong Kong though.
That seems to be where you know a lot of
the I guess conviction is here right
now. Look at HS Tech. We're up 8/10 of
1% up another day as well. So eight
shares are up about 710 of 1% here this
morning. Take a look at how the tech
space is going. Alibaba's up two and a
half% made up one B is up 4% right now.
The Nasdaq golden dragon was on fire
yesterday where you actually had some of
these big names up close to two, you
know, two digits and the like. Um, so
there you go. And you think about how
the chip space is kind of fairing,
right? So if Nvidia can start uh
resuming some of their uh orders and and
chips to China, what does that mean for
some of these local players like SMIC,
Hugh Hong, Semi? were one of the few
stocks to actually declined yesterday.
Looks like we're seeing another day of
that uh for the likes of Huah Semi and
SMIC as well. Uh in terms of developers,
so there was that two-day meeting. So
much speculation that there was going to
be some sort of stimulus. Looks like
it's short of expectations, right? They
talked about this whole new model of
property development about renovations
and the like. Nothing in terms of what
we thought would be maybe like Shanty
Town
>> 2.0
>> 2.0. So there you go. Maybe a bit of
sell on the news right now, Dave.
>> Yeah. Okay, let's um let's wake our
viewers up even further and talk about
convertible bonds now. Um it's emerged
as one of the most popular asset classes
in China this year. I'm being serious
this time now. Uh beating the
performance of local stocks and also
fixed income. Charlotte Yan, our
equities reporter, is here to talk about
this trade and what's going on here.
>> Yeah. So, Chinese offshore cover bonds
are having a moment this year and it's a
pretty big one. So you know while you're
looking at local stocks and government
bonds posted only modest gains you see
the benchmark for Chinese convertible
bonds gained nearly 8% this year and
that has pushed the index to u trade at
near a decade high. So what's behind the
boss? We're seeing um surging investor
appetite as the credit risk has eased
for some of the smaller players as well
as a rally in bank stocks as well as the
small cap which are the key comp big
components for the index. So that has
been helping the demand and market
watchers say also say that you know some
foreign investors who don't have
convictions in the Chinese equity market
but wants to get some of those um
upside. Komodo bonds is also a way for
them to play safe. But what's
interesting that you know as demand is
surging actually supply they're we're
seeing some supply strains um because of
those shares rally especially for the
bank convertibles um there's there's
early redemptions as well as maturity um
actually there's more um demand for
supply right now and also you have the
Shanghai Pong develenc that's
approaching maturity on October this
year that's going to accelerate the
problem with the lack of supply. Uh
yeah, interesting. Um also when it comes
to earnings, right, we've been kind of
breaking everything down, but one that
really stood out to me this morning, I'm
sure it caught your eye, is what's going
on with PopMart and the guidance that
they're giving. And we're seeing
analysts now all changing their price
targets, it seems. Yeah. So, uh Popar's
profit alert, which they're expecting,
you know, sales to more than triple for
more than double uh for the uh first
half is not only strong, it's like labu
explosive and analysts are feeling very
bullish. You have Morgan Stanley, JP
Morgan, Selig, Jeffrey's all raising
their price targets and basically they
expect the solid momentum to continue
for the second half despite a higher
base and that's because they're saying
you know sales surging globally and so
but they did did say that because the
stock has gained almost 600% over the
past year. So there is that profit risk
taking risk but they feel like that
would be a good time for longerterm
investors to actually build positions
given the the strong outlook for this
company. All right, Charlotte, thank
you. Charlotte Yang there, Asia Equities
reporter and Laboo reporter as well.
>> Yes,
>> she always gives us updates of what's
going on in the world of Laboo.
>> We've been talking about how officials
are looking to curb supply of certain
things. My personal opinion, they should
look at this specifically. Too much of
them going around. Um, but who am I to
talk anyway? I'm just I'm just hating
her, am I? She's ranting. Uncle is
ranting again.
>> Not jumping on the bandwagon.
>> No, clearly.
I'm just imagining you walking into work
with your plastic bag and the boooo kind
of hanging around onto it. You haven't
noticed in David on the streets, he
likes to carry his his things in a
plastic bag.
>> We got to talk about the upgrades,
right? Yeah. That we're seeing in China.
Um
>> certainly it's been interesting, right?
Because
>> it it we're not quite seeing that sort
of tariff impact just yet.
>> And it seems like the front loading and
everything is keeping things quite rosy,
right? But underneath the hood, maybe
that's where people start to, you know,
worry about those things. And is it
really more about the domestic things
that people are worried about when we
talk about price wars, anti-involution?
Yeah,
>> I think Shirley had a really great piece
this week that said, you know, that's
actually more of a concern for policy
makers than tariffs itself.
>> Yeah, it's it is this, you know, even
amidst that they're reaching a growth
target, which is probably an issue if
you're looking for more stimulus to
come.
>> Yeah. because despite that we are at I
think on track still for you know to
meet the growth target there uh given
what's happening as well but you know
markets might be wanting something else
beyond what the economy needs is the
other point right so it remains a I
think in in many cases still a traders
market still tactical trades but yes
there are opportunities in this market
uh we're now looking at yeah let's talk
about uh what is in store still uh with
some final thoughts here from eaterigos
here CIO for Asia X Japan core
investments
Uh so we haven't talked about China just
yet. It's did well first few months of
the year and then entered this period of
it being rangebound and it sudden it
looks like we're breaking out.
>> Yeah.
>> How are you looking at Chinese equities
right now?
>> Yeah. And I think this is ultimately the
the the catalyst for for China. We call
it an emergence of self-sufficiency
self-sufficiency theme. And when we look
at that is obviously for for China it
needs to look at stimulating demand on
shore. And I think this is key. We
talked about it the importance of it and
it's not just good demands but also
reviving the sector the services sector
is quite important uh as well. Then this
diversifying supply chains obviously
we've had a respite of tariffs but also
it's critical for them to uh drive a
diversicated supply chains and be a
little bit more uh less less susceptible
to to tariff uh tariff risks. So all of
that and then you have technological
advancement particularly with that
element of of a capacity. I think China
will aim to redirect themselves into
higher value uh manufacturing. I think
all of those three themes are going to
catalyze into to outcome. The broader
market is still challenged because of
course we know the deflation is present
and that of a capacity issue is going to
stay present till the end and
potentially 2026. It
>> it seems like what stood out this this
year in China is is new consumption.
It's it's tech, it's AI, it's biotech,
right?
>> How should I be thinking and positioning
around those sort of themes? Well,
ultimately I think is driven by that uh
the deepseek the moment obviously the
deepseek and the the implication it had
on tech and the broader excitement and
ramifications on that on digital
platforms and so on so forth and the
second one is policy right so I think
policy was the catalyst to some of the
sectors and that innovation tech
innovation that I talked about it's a
biotech but I think one part one part to
be cognizant about about biotech is
obviously uh tariffs that potentially
could come from from the US And I think
investors need to be uh aware that we're
not yet at the at the resolution of of
tariff tensions with which
>> and is it is it is it more now Hong Kong
that's the play for for China or has the
pendulum swung too much in Hong Kong's
favor that there's now value on shore in
the Asia market?
>> For now it definitely there is uh it
seems that Hong Kong will lead for now
because again we've talked about those
themes are still being the key themes
going to drive the market into the year
end and for the broader market in China.
on shore. We need to see a reflation. We
need to see that inflation coming back
and over capacity being being removed.
And we've seen some indications that
they will address or supply side reforms
which is a longerterm story. It will
take time to materialize but that could
have implications on Asares and kind of
more stable kind of value companies that
exist there on shore.
>> All right, Katarina, we got to leave it
there. Karina Bigos there, CIO for Asia
Xapan, core investments at Axel
investment managers. We got plenty more
ahead. This is
[Music]
uh yesterday was an opportunity as well
for us to uh develop the relationship
between Australia and China. I've said
consistently that we'll cooperate where
we can, disagree where we must, but
engage in our national interest is very
clear that it is in our national
interest for us to have a positive
relationship with China uh where there
are differences to talk about them but
not be defined by them and that is
critical going forward.
[Music]
And that was Australian Prime Minister
Anthony Albani there talking moments ago
at the Great Wall of China. And earlier
he did say that he's keeping the focus
of his China trip on business and trade
opportunities. In his meeting with
Chinese President Xi Jinping, Albanesei
reaffirmed his commitment to a positive
and constructive relationship with
Australia's largest trading partner.
Meanwhile, the White House says
President Trump was only asking a
question and not encouraging further
killing when he asked Zilinski whether
Ukraine could strike Moscow. A source
told Bloomberg that Trump quizzed
Zalinski about whether Keev could hit
the Russian capital in St. Petersburg if
given US long range weapons. The
conversation took place a day after
Trump said he was quote very
disappointed by a phone call with Putin.
Meanwhile, US Treasury Secretary Scott
Bessent says talks with Beijing are in a
good place. He says the market should
not fixate on August 12th. The date of
course of the current tariff truth is
set to expire. Now, he also told us that
the agreement to let Nvidia resume
selling its chips to China was part of
broader negotiations.
can tell you uh the one thing that we do
not want is a digital uh belt and road
uh springing up around the world because
other countries or China are
substituting for our American chip
manufacturers.
>> This is the same chip though that the
Trump administration blocked with export
controls in April. So why the change in
policy now? Uh, Emory, you you might say
that that was a negotiating uh chip that
we used in Geneva and in London.
>> So, this was part of the trade talks
when it comes to Washington and Beijing.
>> Yes.
>> Was it a quidd proquo then, as you said,
it wasn't, but was it potentially to
make sure that you can get the licenses
when it comes to rare earths?
>> Uh, yeah, I think it it was all part of
a mosaic. uh you they had things we
wanted, we have things they wanted, and
you know, we're in a very good place. I
expect to meet my ch Chinese
counterpart, the vice premere, in the
next few weeks.
>> So, when and where will that meeting
take place?
>> We're we're still working on that. The
Chinese leadership has a big conclave at
the beginning of August, so we're trying
to work out whether that could be in a
third country before or after that
conclave. Will the administration
release the framework of the Geneva and
London talks?
>> Well, we we have released some of it.
And you know, I'll I'll tell you that
now having settled on tariffs on the
export controls, we can move on to the
next stage of talks. And I think it's
very important both for the global
economy, for the US economy and for the
Chinese economy for uh us to move on and
talk about China uh opening its markets
and the increase domestic and consumer
production there.
>> Are you hoping to get to that next phase
before August 12th when that's currently
the day taunt between these two
economies?
Yeah, I look I I think we're in a very
good place and I I tell market
participants not to worry about August
12th.
>> No,
>> there we go. That was our colleague of
course Anne Marie speaking with the US
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant uh
overnight. Right. um 14 minutes into the
session and we've now taken out
milestones here on Hanging Index and if
we do remain at least at these levels at
the minimum we will be closing at the
highest level here since 2022. So we've
taken out 24750
give or take and we've now taken out
24800. It's worth pointing out though
the tech space is leading this and
really driving this further but as far
as mainland buying is concerned uh we're
net sellers now so far across the stock
connect. negative flow so far. We'll see
if that changes, of course, going into
the rest of the session here.
>> Yep. And of course, we're going to take
a look at when it comes to one mover,
BU. So, we saw a big move there. So,
there was a news of this multi-year
partnership with Uber.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh in terms of autonomous driving, and
so we're talking about robo taxis and
the like here. So, Jeffrey's coming out
with an interesting note saying it's
it's a positive for the stock. really
demonstrates the the the firm's leading
position in autonomous technology and
the move allows Biden to really bear
fruit over the 10 years of investments
uh in the space as well. That's why the
stock is up some 4% right now.
Subscribers, you can watch us live and
see our past interviews on our
interactive TV function TV go. You can
also dive into any of the securities and
boomer functions that we talk about.
Become part of the conversation. Send us
a message, questions, anything. Check it
out at TV go.
[Music]
Well, the founder of Chinese edtech firm
Squirrel AI thinks that the deepseek
boom earlier in the year helped make
people, especially parents, more aware
and accepting of AI. AI Derek Lee spoke
exclusively to Bloomberg on the
company's expansion plans and the impact
of China's 2021 crackdown on the edte
sector.
>> Actually um that policy uh gave us uh
time very uh hard like hell but uh
indeed it actually helped us. So uh when
the policy uh shut down the tutoring
center uh by human actually it's a very
good uh chance for our AI virtual tutor
to boom especially and uh at the
beginning of this year uh everybody know
deepseek all the parents and all the uh
kids now they understand AI more and
they think AI could or perhaps most
probably to replace the best human
teacher. Now you're at a point where
where you're looking to expand the
business into the US or you've started
expanding into the US but but share or
give us an update on on how that's going
so far.
>> From the beginning 11 years uh before
when I started scor AI our AI is
actually based on uh based in US. So our
structure and uh the uh product the base
is uh international uh it's very suit
also suitable for US market and uh I
think we want to start it uh from the
mass because u you know the Asian mass
is good we are hoping that we can have
more than 3,000 after school learning
centers in US. We've seen Chinese
companies or Chinese tech companies in
the US face issues thinking about for
instance bite dances Tik Tok Huawei are
some of the more prominent examples
you've certainly taken steps to mitigate
any concerns uh by by storing data
locally for instance working with
American franchises but is that going to
be enough and and what kind of
conversations or have you had any
conversations with Washington as well?
uh actually we just started we haven't
uh have conversation with Washington but
we made uh our own strategy that's why
we do not entering the school market we
do not uh um try to persuade the uh
education district because that is very
hard for us why we started from the
learning centers the after school
children centers is u um so that is not
so sensitive
>> I want to ask as well about your
investor base because your your largest
investor or among your largest investors
is Jeff Yas. He's someone who's quite
close to Donald Trump or has ties into
Donald Trump. Does that help you at all
with any sort of regulatory hurdles you
could face?
>> Yeah, sure. Uh actually uh invested us
in three round all along like uh they
invest Tik Tok in three round
consecutively. Uh, of course, uh, um,
the relationship with, uh, Trump will,
uh, uh, be a very good thing for us. So,
I'm, uh, looking very closely, uh, how
Tik Tok will do in the next if they go
through very well, that's a very good
news for us.
>> What kind of financials can you share
for us in in terms of of revenue or or
margins or or profit as well?
uh uh last year uh our revenue of the
distributors uh reached $300 million and
uh our um gross margin is uh 70% and uh
I cannot mention the net margin now uh
but we will um uh clear it uh when we
prepare to IPO
>> and and talk to us about that IPO.
What's the what's the timeline and as
well what's the venue that you would
look at?
>> Uh we want to uh the the time we prepare
to IPO is we want to have uh at least
uh 200 learning centers in US.
So uh we want to start it maybe next
year and uh we also considered whether
uh NASDAQ or Hong Kong stock market
which is better for us.
All right.
>> Yeah, that was that was Yeah,
>> you want to go for it? That that was
Derek Lee uh of Squiril of course
speaking with uh our animal jewelers
here. Okay, just um break news to tell
you about here. So the TX index just to
mention is above 23,000 perhaps down to
this headline coming through that Taiwan
aims to reach a deal with the US before
the deadline which comes in August 1st.
As you can see, session highs here on
the index itself, Vonnie.
>> Yeah. Why it's important is because the
latest batch of what we heard in terms
of, you know, letters and and threats,
you know, Taiwan was notably not
mentioned at all the last few weeks,
right? So, is it a sign that things are
going well between the US and Taiwan and
their negotiations moving forward?
Obviously, it's 32% was the initial sort
of rate that was set back in liberation
day. They've always hoped for maybe a
baseline of 10%. But when I spoke with
the deputy uh the the deputy foreign
minister back then a few months ago,
they mentioned, look, we hope to be that
special someone, right? We want to be
given our partnership and our
relationship with the US, we want to be
something maybe possibly even lower than
that right now. So, we're not getting
any details so far as of yet, just maybe
just timing that maybe we will likely
see something before August 1st,
>> according to the deputy trade
representative telling lawmakers right
now. But again, as I was pointing out,
the important thing here is before the
deadline, yes, but we don't know the
contours and the details of any sort of
deal. And of course, the chart from
Donald Trump back on liberation day was
Taiwan was at 32%.
And
do we treat it as something encouraging
and positive if we do see that fall
below 10%? We'll have to wait and see.
Markets though are obviously on the
front foot before this came through,
even more so right now after this news
has come out as well. Right. Uh as we go
into the second hour of the program
here, it's also worth pointing out that
>> uh you know when you talk about this
Indonesia trade deal, right, apparel
stocks are very much in focus as you can
see that's leading to some gains. Then
of course just to mention the Indonesian
market opens up in the next few minutes.
So stay tuned for that that open and of
course there's a rate decision as well
coming through out of Indonesia today.
Benchmarks in mainland China and here in
Hong Kong hensing index is now trading
at the highest level in three years. The
second hour of the China show is just
ahead.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. And you know, Dave, if things
go the way that they are right now,
>> where you going with this?
>> We're we are going to head to the
highest levels in 3 years, February
2022,
>> for that benchmark here. So, really just
showing this rebound that we're seeing
>> in risk sentiment, of course, signs of
easing the US trade tensions, and I
think really the Nvidia boss in Beijing
that certainly is helping things too
this morning.
>> Yeah, who would have thought, right? Who
would have thought that that would have
been the catalyst? But then again, I
sort of rethought overnight what
happened yesterday and we were sort of
pointing to Nvidia and that news being
the catalyst in markets. But if you boil
it down, it was really China asking the
US. It was a China factor
>> that led to then Nvidia being able to
then go to Trump and then come back to
Beijing and says, "Yes, we got what you
in some ways what you wanted." We'll
talk more about that uh in a moment with
Belle here. She joining us in a couple
of minutes here. While that's taking
place separately, uh we're hearing from
the deputy trade negotiator in Taiwan
here that they are uh looking to secure
a deal. No details given before the
deadline in August 1st. Uh Tyx index
also catching a bit of 23,000. First
time we're trading above this nice whole
round number since Feb of uh this year.
So yeah, we're getting a lot of progress
on these trade conversations and maybe
that goes into this sort of uh Indonesia
story which was the one we woke up to uh
into this morning. But yes, there we go.
We're looking at TX index and also
dollar Taiwan trading at 2930
as we speak. Okay,
>> and we got some breaking news out here.
This is uh according to uh our sources
here when it comes to W. So, uh, they
are seeking now to extend some of his
domestic bank loans by up to 10 years.
This is according to sources here. The
move really that could really help the
state back developer reduce the risk
that you're seeing around liquidity here
at the moment. Here, as as of course
this week, we did talk about that when
it comes to the first half loss of this
year. They did guide and say that it
actually may widen to as much as $1.7
billion. So, really just showing the
financial challenges there. So that's
the latest. They're seeking to extend
some of those bank loans by upped to 10
years. The stock though is slightly just
higher this morning. Let's get to our
top story here this morning though as
well. President Trump says he's likely
to impose tariffs on pharmaceuticals as
soon as the end of the month and that
levies on chips could come soon. Earlier
he announced a deal with Indonesia that
will see its exports to the US face a
19% tariff.
>> Indonesia was great. He's a great
president and we made a a terrific deal
where they opened up the entire country
to trade with the United States. We
weren't allowed to go in and trade. I
think something similar will happen with
with I would say India.
>> Let's get to our Indonesia Deputy Bureau
Chief Cla Xiao joining us here as well.
It seems like this was a bit of a
surprise in some ways, Claire, but what
do we know more about this deal?
>> Well, what appears to be the clincher.
so far is really elevating the talks to
the presidential level because
negotiators have been at this for a few
months now. You have our ministers
flying over to Washington to try and
hammer out a deal. But what changed last
night was President Donald Trump said he
was dealing directly with President PBO
and that seems to have been enough. If
you look at the details of the deal that
Trump has posted about so far, it looks
very similar to what Indonesia has
proposed before. We're talking about 15
billion dollars in energy purchases,
increased imports of wheat, even um
about 50 to even 75 uh new Boeing planes
for the state airline Garuda. So, it
remains to be seen what exactly the new
details are so far that seems to have
moved the needle for Washington. We're
expecting President PBO to arrive in
Jakarta sometime today to give more
details on the agreement. But there are
a lot of questions on what the timeline
will be and how realistic these pledges
will be. Um, off the back of our um, off
the off the cuff, these calculations
could show that that could wipe out
Indonesia's trade surplus with the US,
which is around 18 billion as of 2024.
But whether these pledges could actually
happen and how soon they could is the
question. For example, Garuda is still
short on cash and hasn't really also
gotten any of the Boeing planes it's
ordered before. So, uh, it remains to be
seen what progress would be made in this
next deal.
Claire, before we talk about whether
this is a template that we could maybe
use for, you know, other potential trade
deals in the region, I just want to ask,
has has the Indonesian side confirmed
that a deal has been made with the US?
>> So, we're looking for a stronger
confirmation. The closest we've gotten
to that is them saying they're preparing
a joint statement and then PBO will
likely give a briefing sometime today,
but that's it.
>> Okay. So h if I'm another, you know,
Southeast Asian country that's still
kind of undergoing these talks with the
US right now, how should I look at this
deal in Indonesia and frame how things
move forward for, you know, you know, as
a template possibly maybe?
>> Yeah. So it seems like the clincher, as
I said, is really elevating the talks to
the top level with the president, but
also um the importance of really wiping
out that trade surplus. Um, that's been
the figure that Trump and negotiators
have been focusing on, that $18 billion
in trade surplus that Indonesia had with
the US last year. And with $15 billion
in energy imports, about $5 billion in
uh agriculture purchases, that could
just be enough to tip the balance.
>> Okay, Claire, thank you so much for the
update there. Claire Jiao in in Jakarta
for us. Want to see Singapore uh our
deputy bureau chief there over in in
Jakarta. Right. Part of the trade
conversations of course and the big
market moving story is really on the AI
part of things. You had Nvidia uh AMD
massive move up overnight and this
shifting stands out of the US here as it
pertains to what can then be sold to the
Chinese market. This comes as Nvidia CEO
Jensen Hang is in Beijing of course this
week speaking about those changes in the
local tech scene.
50% of the world's AI researchers are
here in China and there are so many
innovative and dynamic companies here in
China. It's really important that
American companies are able to compete
and um serve the market here in China.
It is a it's a great springboard uh for
all of the other markets as well.
>> Let's get more now with Annabel Julis of
course our tech correspondent here with
us. Uh and yeah, we are expecting I
believe Jensen Huang to be speaking at
some point today.
>> Yes. So, he's in Beijing and he well
there's an expo kicking off today. It's
the International Supply Chain Expo uh
that's getting underway in in Beijing
and he is expected to speak perhaps even
within the hour. But it's certainly
coming at a very interesting time for
for the company because you've had this
big reversal of the US restrictions and
now they can start these sales with H20
once again. And so you saw I guess the
optimism around that because ASML have
been flagging maybe even $15 billion in
loss sales over the course of this year
or that was the expectation. How much of
that can they now recoup back?
>> Yeah. So tell us a little bit more about
is this going to be just flourishing
business for for Nvidia now in China? I
mean he's he's obviously going to be
there to really strike some deals.
>> Yeah. I think it's it's going to be one
to really track. I think it's sort of
important to get down into the nuance of
the restrictions a little bit more
because the the main concern uh for the
initial export restrictions that was put
in place was the raw compute power of
the H20 for for artificial the training
of large artificial intelligence models.
What's interesting though is and that's
why you had the restrictions in the
first place to try and pull back China's
ability to to train LLMs or foundation
models. But the H20 is actually better
in some ways or at least comparable to
the best on the market for inference.
And so that's sort of like the
deployment of the AI tools. Like if you
put a a question into chatbt, the
response it gets gives back to you
that's using inference there. And so
this is really the the key point now.
How much can that also help with the
deployment of AI and the diffusion of
the AI technology? And you see a lot of
competition in China in that space
around the application layer as
companies try and monetize the
technology. So will be interesting to
track.
>> Are we looking for anything for him to
say? Like what are we keen to hear from
Jensen Huang today? Apart from of course
the big the big news he's already talked
about and maybe ties to
>> how is his business is doing in China?
What's that ecosystem looking like?
>> Yeah, I I think that that will be Yeah,
I I feel like he's he's stuck with that
key message from to the US which is is
he's kind of got two messages actually.
His message to the US is that if you
continue to restrict ch US companies
rather in China, you're only going to be
benefiting competitors or or possible
competitors like Huawei. Obviously,
Huawei's technology right now is not at
the same level of as what Nvidia can
produce or the major chip makers like
SMIC for instance. The message for the
Chinese market is different and you see
that he's makes and we've seen this
routinely quite big overtures to the
Chinese market saying how advanced they
are, saying the development, saying how
much talent there is. So you probably
can expect him to really stick with that
today uh given of course he wants to do
business in China and he wants to try
and sell more of these H20 chips.
>> All right, Annabelle. Thank you
Annabelle Juler there. Our Bloomberg
Tech reporter with the latest. And still
ahead on the China show, DBS's head of
consumer banking and wealth management
joins us to discuss the bank strategy
and what wealthy clients in Asia are
doing with their money. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, of course, as we talk about this
kind of all these sort of themes and
when it comes to the macro side of
things, tariffs, uh AI and really
inflation, uh you know, traders traders
really wrestling with this whole market
volatility, right? when it comes to
trade uncertainty. uh what does it look
like when in terms of you know wealth
management for example right the story
actually looks quite different according
to DBS inflows from ultra high netw
worth individuals more than doubled
month on month following President
Trump's so-called liberation day so
let's bring in she a group head of
consumer banking and wealth management
at DBS so tell us a bit more about how
client sentiment has been like you're
saying things are looking pretty busy
for on your end
>> thank you Ivon and David um uh lovely to
be here uh yes as uh as we have been
highlighting um post liberation day uh
just barring that one week where there
was some real volatility we've actually
seen very very robust and strong inflows
uh of of wealth coming into the bank
wealth inflows coming more than doubled
month on month and it's not just that
actually activity investment activities
in itself has also picked up so apart
from net wealth inflows in a bank
customers have also been putting their
money to work we have seen for example
very strong activities building on
actually what was very strong activities
last year we saw last year alone, a
year-on-year growth over 100% of net
cash being deployed into investments
with us.
>> And you might ask, what are customer
sentiments and what are they investing
into? Yeah.
>> In reality, I'll say it is really in a
broad base uh based on our advice uh on
customers diversifying their portfolio.
So, it's gone beyond just the plain
vanilla uh investment instruments uh to
actually interest in alternative assets.
M
>> so we have seen customers starting to
also diversify their portfolios uh into
a broad range of alternative assets in
private uh equity funds in private
credit funds in infrastructure in real
estate uh in gold. uh over and above
that um we have also uh just this year
called on a certain theme on sports
media and entertainment and in April we
also launch a private asset fund
relating to this theme and we have seen
interest in our customers as well.
>> Wow.
>> Is that an alternative
>> sports?
>> Yeah. What what does that play exactly?
>> Well actually it it comes from two
angles. One we often also look at
emerging themes uh as we uh discuss this
with our customers. But when we say it
was an alternative, it was because it
was a private asset fund. So by and
large the alternatives aspect come from
uh beyond the public markets into an
increasing interest in the private
markets.
>> And is the I know alternatives have done
well. I think the best performing
strategy if you had to sort of allocate
as a group maybe gold is is part of that
that run. What's the advice then though
generally speaking? I guess it depends
on risk profile and you know investment
horizon but is the is the investment
advice lean into the winners or are
there is there something beyond the
winners already to to entertain? Well,
actually I I would say a lot of this is
probably a lot much better covered by my
CRO. So I'm not going to go into kind of
individual stock picks, but broadly as
far as the themes are concerned, um the
ability now to diversify the portfolio
amongst our ultra high net worth
individuals from
>> from public markets into private markets
and within the private markets into that
broad range of course focusing on a few
themes uh that we have been also
advising our clients on right short-term
duration investment grade bonds um
certain themes like AI and TAC uh etc.
Uh what what about in terms of the the
wealthy mainland clients? I mean, how
what's the pace of openings been like
here in Hong Kong? How many accounts
have you opened so far this year?
>> Well, um in in reality, I'll say that if
you look at our entire portfolio of
wealth management, our customers hail
from more than 120 nationalities. So, I
wouldn't say it is mainland Chinese per
se. Uh actually, our growth has been
very very broad-based across the various
regions globally. So for all intents and
purposes, we have got two booking
centers here in Hong Kong and Singapore
for good reasons. Uh these are two very
very strong international financial
centers and there is an increasing
interest that we have seen from all over
the world not just uh in North Asia but
in South Southeast Asia. South Asia
being India in particular. We've also
seen also from the Middle East and
Europe a huge interest in shifting their
wealth to tap into the growth of Asia.
Mhm. And you know, I think it's really
where you book the business. And I want
to figure out where you guys are on this
process of hiring RMs, right? I think
you've set out a target of about 130.
We're halfway through the year. How many
have you hired so far of the 130 that
you targeted? And I guess more
importantly, as a as a window into where
that business is actually being booked,
where are you placing those RMs is the
other question. Well, I I I would say we
are still a growing business and and our
outlook is very very positive. Uh we do
think that u the momentum has been
strong and we still expect it to be
strong and for that reason as you have
uh talked about we are building our
bench strength as well. So with this 130
we might we probably have hired about
good 70 80% of them. Um and where are
they deployed is actually all over. So
we have two booking centers in Singapore
and Hong Kong. Uh we do have our RMS
both in Singapore, Hong Kong, Dubai as
well as London. Uh and this is really to
cater as I've mentioned earlier on to
the client base we have from over 120
nationalities. Uh we have recently uh
just hired a very senior head uh for our
business in the Middle East and we look
to also be growing in that space.
>> Yeah. Can you tell us more about the
hiring plans in the Middle East and and
any sort of what do you see in terms of
flows between the Middle East and Asia
now? Well, um the flows are are starting
to come in. Uh in reality, we already
have uh a Middle Eastern business. We
have a team there in Dubai. Uh they're
covered from out of Dubai as well as in
this part of the world depending on
where uh the clients want to book. Uh so
the flows are very very strong. Uh there
is an increasing interest actually in
Asia. In fact, when I was visiting the
Middle East last year, uh one client
actually asked me is Asia investable? I
said very very much so. Mhm.
>> the mainland Chinese going into the
Middle East.
>> Is that a how big of a flow are you
seeing as far as that's concerned?
Because we've seen the links
>> Yeah.
>> start to reemerge and really connect
over the last few years or so. And I'm
wondering what you're seeing
specifically from your from your end.
>> Well, actually, I would say a very uh
quite a consistent picture is that many
of these high net worth individuals uh
are business entrepreneurs, business
people in in their own rights. In our
own base, 70% of our high net worth
ultra high net worth uh clients are
businessmen and these business uh
individuals already for a long time have
had uh global presences in their
businesses as well. So a lot of that
depends on their business horizon. Some
of them have got businesses in other
parts of Asia, some in Europe, some in
the Middle East and for this reason you
know as they as they develop their
businesses there will be wealth flows
that's associated with that as well. So
many of these have got international
needs, they've got onshore needs, they
have also offshore needs. And being a
bank as we are, we are able to support
them both on their onshore as well as
their offshore needs from whatever
they've generated offshore.
>> Right. And I guess just to ask, what
else are your priorities and objectives
this year at least for the you know for
the Hong Kong business specifically? I'm
curious and you how do you very simple
question. How do you differentiate
yourself
>> from all the others here in the city?
>> Well uh there are a few ways we
differentiate ourselves. One is uh
because we are a full-fledged commercial
bank. Uh so in our wealth management
business, we have this thing what we
call a wealth continuum where whether
it's customers first thousands, first
million dollars, even to their first
billion dollars.
>> Oh yeah, that's evolved.
>> Yeah. We
>> we have we have a we have a unique uh
value proposition to cater for these
these customers. So this wealth
continuum is very very real for us. So
for instance uh about 40% of our of our
private bank clients that have been on
boarded over the last few years have
actually emerged through this whole
wealth continuum. So we are able to help
our customers grow or grow with them uh
as they develop and deepen their
relationship with us. At the same time
we are also being a commercial bank uh
the we have the ability to bring in our
one bank approach where I've mentioned
earlier on 70% of our customers are are
business entrepreneurs
>> and and therefore we're able to also
bring in our institutional bank uh
because many of these clients have both
their needs on the corporate side on
their
>> right
>> on on their on their private personal
yes and it might be raising funds it
might be actually frankly doing an M&A
it might also be in some cases as they
reorganize themselves disposing some of
their assets and then trying to monetize
them in investment portfolio. We also
differentiate from an angle that we
don't just look at the current
generation. May many of these high net
worth individuals are starting to think
about multigeneration next generation
legacy planning. So we have a very very
strong leading practice in family office
in trust uh leveraging both investments
and insurance solutions to bring a whole
holistic package and I think we do a
pretty good job at that. See, thank you
so much for taking the time to come in.
Let's talk again soon.
>> Thank you.
>> Once we get an update, uh group head
there, consumer banking and wealth
management at at DBS, right? Uh let's
get to the markets right now as we try
and figure out what else is going on
with these markets. Hanging index of
course at 24
8. Um Jensen Hong is, I believe, also
speaking in Beijing. Let's put
everything together for you. What's
tradable today, what the winners are and
do we chase those winners? Mark
Cranfield is with us out of Singapore to
talk us through this. Mark, what's top
of mind for you?
Yeah, whatever the further that Nvidia
pushes above 4 trillion market cap, the
the more relative value you have in
people like 10 cent, Alibaba, Netis. So,
no wonder the Hang Singh is having a
pretty good day here. It won't be long
before it it makes that threeyear high
that you were talking about earlier. So,
yeah, I mean that's the that's the read
across for for global markets is that
when you've got a such a massive
tailwind as you're getting from the the
big cap stocks in America, it's just
positive really across the globe.
anybody in the AI tech space is going to
look like they've they've got a chance
of rallying on the back of that. So the
the further the big American companies
go, the the good news it is. And if you
look at 10 cent as well, Bloomberg
Intelligence is is saying that the the
gaming numbers for June were very
positive for both Tencent and Netis. And
with their earnings coming up in a few
weeks time, people are going to be
pretty excited. They're going to expect
some good numbers coming out. that's
going to keep the momentum going in the
near term. Particularly with the the
trade talks between the US and China
seem to be going reasonably well at
least there's been no big negatives
which again is a the flip side of that
is it's good news because the the
attention is on other people. It's not
on China and related things. So again a
good thing for the for the Hong Kong
market as well. So for the time being
it's pretty happy days for for Hong
Kong.
>> Yeah, happy days for Hong Kong. not so
happy when it comes to when it comes to
JGB market and what we're seeing in long
rates
>> as we get closer to this upper election
upper house election this weekend. Mark,
what are we watching out for in terms of
dollar yen too?
>> Yeah,
we we're calling it a perfect domestic
storm for the yen and for the Japanese
market. It really everything is going
wrong all at the same time here.
We have a lot of people predicting that
the the LDP and its coalition is going
to lose its majority in the upper house.
That probably going to end up with a
result which is very inconclusive.
That's not good for policym in Japan at
a time when they really need to be on
top of things because they still don't
have a trade deal with the United
States. Despite several meetings between
the the Japanese and the US people on
that front, the negotiators, they still
are no closer to a deal. So there's a
risk of Japan losing out on that side
that's weighing on the on the currency
especially the fiscal situation doesn't
look good and if you get um a kind of a
hung parliament situation in the upper
house that again means that more fiscal
spending is likely that's going to weigh
on the long end of the Japanese curve.
All that is happening at the same time
as you already have stackflation in
Japan and the Bank of Japan is really
taking their time to address it. They
they they say they want to raise
interest rates again, but there's no
sign of them doing so. So negative
yields in Japan are just getting worse.
And every time you see short-term US
yields back up a little bit further
again, that's no good for the Japanese
yen. There's really everywhere you look,
things are turning negative for the yen
and for JGBs and it's not going to
improve in the near term.
>> Oh, Mark. Okay, Mark there. All right,
I'm live strategist. Uh, as we leave on
that sort of negative note when it comes
to Japan here, uh, let's take a look at
what's going on in China. Certainly a
lot of positive vibes there at the China
supply chain opening ceremony in
Beijing. We're expected to hear possibly
from the Nvidia boss, Jensen Huang.
Obviously, in the back of them getting
that approval from the US to resume H20
chips to China. Plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right about an hour into the session,
one and a half% we're led by
consumption, we're led by tech. Your
movers are coming up on your screens and
the intersection between those two
sectors. Everything from Baba Baba
Health and some of the trip related
stocks. The top 10 on your screens an
hour in to the session.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are hanging to that lunch break. And as
Mark Cranfield kind of highlighted for
us, there's a bit of pain when it comes
to the JGB market and dollar yen. Right.
So 150 certainly is in sights when you
take a look at that currency here this
morning. Stocks are slightly under
pressure here, but it really is what
we're seeing in the JGB market. And
we're talking about the 30-year yield
now at 316 levels here this morning,
Dave.
>> Yeah, on the on the 30. And I think the
40-year is the only one on the long end
of the curve that remains that hasn't
really taken out recent highs. So, I
think a couple of basis points more on
the 40-year and we're back to levels
that frankly I don't think we've seen in
a in a generation. Now, maybe slightly
smaller scale in terms of the time
frame, but we've hit a milestone on the
Hanging Index in the first hour of
trade. So we were above 28,000 about a
couple of minutes back. We paired back
as you can see 24/7 right now, but at
about these levels. Uh we should still
be flirting with 2022 highs here on the
hing index. So it's really tech
consumption that's really in the
intersection between the two sectors
that are leading this. Uh on the back of
that, we've also had some upgrades in
terms of growth for the economy. Uh
we've had UBS and Morgan Stanley this
morning so far that have come out and
revised or forecast higher for the
Chinese economy. All things equal. We're
doing well on these Chinese markets
right now. Speaking of UBP upgraded
their Chinese equity rating this month
from negative to neutral and they do see
of course offshore Chinese stocks is
slightly superior to what you're seeing
in the onshore space. Let's bring in
Linda Lamb, UBP's head of North Asia
Equity Advisory here with us in our set.
Nice to see you. Good morning.
>> Good morning. Thanks for having me. So
neutral in China but that's a good thing
>> that's uh in our uh recent years of
history we it it's already one of the
highest rates things we have on Chinese
equities. Yeah, because changed. Yeah.
>> Uh I think after two boots of uh
rallies, one late last year and also
early this year, we still see that
actually there is also um some of the
structural changes like uh AI and
robotics development which uh under also
underpinned our actually preference
towards uh H shares because we find more
stock opportunities in in for example in
the stocks listed in Hong Kong rather
than Asia.
>> Yeah. And do you stick to the national
champions? Because I mean when I hear
something like Nvidia resuming the sale
of their chips to China,
>> do do I look at just some of these tech
platforms in China that are building on
the AI capabilities as a winner or do I
look at the whole supply chain too?
Yeah.
>> Um I would actually prefer those um tech
giants uh those um that are used the
hype the China's hyperscalers so to
speak
>> um those Alibaba and Tensen they
actually they they really need um Nvidia
chips to further build out on the data
center capability and so that is why
you've seen the uh Hong Kong market I
mean especially those shares tech shares
uh led the rally yesterday and also
today. Um I think uh over the longer
term um this AI uh um I mean in
especially on uh the LLM model um in in
in uh developing software is where um
Chinese uh tech uh edge is.
>> Yeah.
>> So the are clients buying into the into
the bullcase in China particularly on AI
and tech like what are you hearing from
your clients? I know you have a three
out of five which is as you point out
already a good thing
>> relative to where you were a couple of
years back but are your clients buying
into the message?
>> Yeah. Uh interestingly it is actually
quite quite clientdriven. I mean uh
early in this year we started to see
some of the foreign investor some of our
foreign investor ultra high net worth
family offices. They used to quite shun
away from the Chinese markets for years
you know have traumatized by the
underperformance for years.
>> Uh started to ask us questions like have
I missed a boat? uh looking at last late
the rally late last year and um so I
think they are now um um dipping their
toe in back into this market and I think
the first destination would be uh the
tech space especially the large ones.
>> Is there any chance that this rally
could broaden out then beyond just the
tech space?
>> Yes, of course. I mean any any
industries like or consumption
industries I would call it new
consumption that can embrace the uh
changing trends of AI uh would be um the
next wave of beneficiary. Yeah.
>> What would it take for you to upgrade
this market even further beyond neutral
what do you need to
>> and beyond just tactical right and
beyond just technical.
>> Yes. Yes. Yeah. So one point is uh a a
broadening out of um the sector rally.
Uh but in fact if you look at the hens
index to be fair it's not just the tax
sector leading the rally. If you look at
financial names like um the Chinese
banks um those dividend paying stocks
are also um uh you know uh quite quite
um performing well. So uh I think what
needs um we we need to see more evidence
in the turning point in terms of the um
uh China trying to stem uh the
deflationary trend as as we all know
that you know um now this um in
involutionary sort of trend now everyone
is talking about deflation I think uh we
need to see um a a a a stop in in in
that space. Yeah. A big talking point
separately has been H HighBore
>> here in the city and is that a good
indication of risk appetite you think as
it pertains to you know IPOs are a big
talking point as well and I wonder you
know how you're thinking about H highore
and the and the listing market here in
Hong Kong. Well, of course, h highball
is uh driven uh by you know the supply
demand for the Hong Kong dollar and all
these things, right? But I would say
that from a stock market participant
perspective, a low high definitely could
view uh risk sentiment and that's also
one of the reason that underpin the
robust trading activities in the Hong
Kong stock market.
>> What about southbound flow? Should I
continue that momentum? Should I expect
that to continue?
>> Yeah, we should we should continue to
expect that because I think southbound
flows now serve as a stabilizer. Okay.
So now if you look at the statistics,
southbound flows takes up around 20% of
the average daily turnover of Hong Kong
stocks. So I think it's definitely one
of the um leading indicator but I would
say that if you look at the flows
pattern um they tends to act as a
stabilizer when the market is in stress
especially um you know under you know
all these tariff headwinds you can see
actually south come as a sort of a
national rescue team
>> right now the the reemergence of the US
market in the last few weeks or so has I
think one of our guests or some of our
guests have pointed out that's actually
a risk now for EM markets that have
benefited from the weak dollar and then
you have AI, you have Nvidia now at four
trillion, the S&P
>> and so I guess that's just a long way of
asking you from this point to the end of
the year what do you think will
outperform it? Will it be the Hong Kong
market or do I look back at the US
equity market as a potential source of
alpha?
>> Yeah. So um uh at UBP we still carry an
overweight four out of five rating in
the US equities. So we still um champion
the thought of having US equities as the
core allocation. Uh I would say actually
um many people would have said okay well
you you buy US tech or China tax or why
not both? I mean both and then the world
really needs you know the two countries
to be working together in terms of this
space. This is unlocking a blue sky in
terms of the technological advancement.
So I would say actually well of course
um the US equities now um is challenging
flirting with new highs and valuation is
definitely not cheap. So at this moment
at tactically we do see a lot more um at
least at the tax space um in terms of
valuation in in in in China or Hong Kong
listed stocks. Yeah.
>> Linda it's great to have you Linda Lamb
there head of North Asia Equity Advisory
at UBP. Let's take you back to those
live pictures out of Beijing this
morning. This is the China supply chain
opening ceremony and yeah we're we heard
the likes from Holy Fong just speaking
just earlier here uh and talking a
little bit more about expanding
international exchanges in tech in
science obviously as we started to see
maybe more warm sort of signals coming
through in these US China trade talks.
The big news of course as we talked
about yesterday is Nvidia resuming their
H20 chips uh to China. Certainly is a
big big message that Nvidia boss Jensen
Hang is going to be relaying to the
crowd here. He is in attendance. Nvidia
the first time at this event.
>> Yes. And so Hulong just wrapped up we
believe before they play that
audiovisisual presentation. And
obviously it's it's very hard to make
out who it is on the stage right now,
but we understand that possibly the next
speaker in line in Beijing. to the point
we were just making there. And yeah, the
cameras, thank you so much. There we go.
Yeah, still still of course there. Uh
we're still waiting for Jensen Huang to
speak, but yes, we are still hearing of
course there from uh Khalifang talking
about how the the importance for
expanding
exchanges and channels and networks when
it comes to uh tech and science. As
earlier on, of course, our guest just
now, Linda Lamb from UBP, pointed out,
why can't you buy both? It it doesn't
have to be one or the other when it
comes to tech.
>> I mean, cuz it could work either way,
right? If you're loosening export curbs
from the US, does that does that mean
that you know that allows China tech to
flourish in some ways and catch up when
it comes to AI capabilities uh against
the US? And then there's the whole
self-sufficiency sort of theme as well
that still people say is quite intact
that trade. All right, we have plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
US Treasury Secretary Scott Besson says
it would be confusing for a former Fed
chair to remain on the board once their
term ends. This an exclusive in an
interview with Bloomberg, he confirmed
that while President Trump has no plans
to fire Jay Powell, the formal process
to select his successor is already
underway.
>> As President Trump said, he he's not
looking to fire Chair Powell. And as
I've said, I'm not going to com I'm not
going to comment on future policy or
future mistakes the Fed will make. I'll
only comment on past mistakes. And look,
they they've had some big forecasting
errors and this may be one. Now,
>> is there a reason for not firing Kim?
And I asked that question because the
president's also said that his term is
about to expire in May of next year. Is
that the reason to ultimately just wait
or is it something else? Are you
convinced by the negative consequences
associated with such a move?
Look, I I I think a an independent
central bank is very important for the
conduct of monetary policy and we we can
see that in in terms of the both the
financial markets, the term premium and
longerterm debt.
>> You said previously the interview
process would begin later on in the
fall. There's been plenty of speculation
as to whether that process would be
brought forward. Mr. Secretary, do you
still, as far as you understand, believe
that's when the interview process to
replace the Fed chair will begin in the
fall, or is a formal process already
started?
>> Well, look, there there's a formal
process that's already starting. There
there are a lot of great candidates, and
you we'll see how rapidly it progresses.
It's President Trump's decision, and it
it will move at his speed. Do you see
any merit at all in selecting maybe a
candidate that's already on the
committee on the FCC versus taking a
look at someone outside of the Federal
Reserve?
>> Again, there are a lot of good
candidates inside and outside the
Federal Reserve. Jonathan,
>> has the chairman himself, the Fed chair
Jay Pow, given you any indication
whatsoever as to what he would do once
his term has expired? Will he vacate his
seat as the governor at the Federal
Reserve?
Well, tra traditionally, uh, the the Fed
chair also steps down as a governor, and
there's been a lot of talk of a shadow
Fed chair causing confusion in advance
uh, of his or her nomination. And I can
tell you, I think it'd be very confusing
for the market for a former Fed chair to
stay on. Also,
>> US Treasury Secretary Scott Besson there
speaking with her colleague Jonathan
Pharaoh in some other corporate news and
really tracking what been going on in
the US earnings season. JP Morgan posted
a surprise 7% gain in investment banking
fees last quarter. The CEO Jaime Diamond
says dealmaking momentum picked up as
market sentiment improved despite
lingering risks from tariffs,
geopolitical tensions, and elevated
asset prices. Fixed income and equity
trading pulled in $5.7 billion. also
beating estimates. A different story for
Wells Fargo, though, lowering its
fullear net interest income forecast
after falling short of second quarter
estimates. Executives blame weak loan
demand tied to trade tensions, but say
lending activity improved late in the
quarter. Wells says it plans to lean on
markets and credit cards for future
growth. City shares closed at the
highest in more than 16 years after the
bank announced plans to repurchase at
least $4 billion in stock this quarter.
The move follows strong stress test
results and a 20% surge in quarterly
fixed income trading revenue. CEO Jaden
Frasier says returning capital to
shareholders is now a key priority.
Right, let's have a look at what's
trending in China. Of course, one of the
key topics right now we've been talking
about and we'll look into what's how
that's showing up across national
newspapers, social media is the trip of
course from the prime minister. Well,
certainly prime minister there uh
Anthony Albanzy of course a meeting with
President Xi Jinping and of course the
ability that they've so far been able to
sidestep some of the thorny issues
including security tensions and of
course this forced sale of a Chinese
owned port in in Darwin. Let's bring in
Minar China correspondent to take us
through what she's seeing so far and how
the state visit is being viewed
domestically.
>> Yes, if you read state media you would
think that the visit had gone very well
because there it's been heavily covered.
There has been a couple of editorials as
well and really highlighting how this is
the longest trip that Prime Minister
Albanazi has taken to a single country.
It's a week-l long trip going to
Beijing, Shanghai to Chungdu with a
business delegation as well. And take a
look at this China Daily quote. It says
Elan Albanesey's visit shows that the
Australian side has a clearer judgment
and understanding of China than it had
under the previous Scott Morrison
government. And you remember Albanesea
came in trying to reset ties with China
after Australia had been hit with these
punitive tariffs because Australia was
calling for this inquiry into the
origins of CO 19. Right. And this Global
Times article also saying that China US
uh China Australia ties are like a plane
flying in the stratosphere after passing
through the storm zone. The most
turbulent and bumpy period has passed.
So it's a very ringing endorsement for
the Albani uh government. Um and it's
coming as both sides are now looking to
review this free trade agreement that
the two sides have. The article also
saying this is a desirable time to do it
after those discussions were shelved
under the Morrison administration.
>> There are still some sticking points
between China and Australia, right? I
mean obviously US security issues are
certainly one thing that's been kind of
made this trip a little bit more awkward
and it seems like he's sidestepping all
these issues right now.
>> Yeah. And actually the article mentioned
that it talked about this source of
external interference. It didn't
explicitly mention the US, but we know
the US has been pressuring Australia to
increase its defense spending, for
example, to counter what it sees as
Chinese assertiveness in the region. And
there are a few sticking points, right?
Including the force sale of this port,
which Australia wants to take back
because of uh security reasons. It's
close to a US military base. There's
also reports of uh US asking Australia
to clarify its position on Taiwan in the
event of an attack. There's also the the
um foreign investment sort of regime
where Australia has uh opposed some of
these proposed deals by Chinese
companies. But looks like none of these
had been discussed. And if you look at
the chart, China's trade with Australia,
it is huge. It's by far China is by far
the the biggest trading partner that
Australia has. A third of Australia's
exports go to China. And so China's
Australia is walking this very fine line
here because it relies on China for
trade but relies on the US for security.
both sides having all these joint drills
in the Indo-Pacific as well. But overall
very positive tone from from China.
>> Now the there's research that's been put
out right now and the survey there that
shows I think geopolitical perceptions
of China have improved. What you know
what were the key findings there?
>> Yes. So this survey it's a Pew Research
survey that was done between January to
late April. Okay. And of course this is
a time when Trump is in power, right?
and he was introducing all of these
reciprocal tariffs. So views towards the
US had deteriorated while perceptions
toward China improved. And there's also
this chart. It shows you that the
confidence that people have in Chinese
President Xiinping has exceeded the
confidence in a US leader. And this is
the first time that uh that happened
since Trump's first term in power during
2016 to 2020 or so. Um and another
interesting finding that I saw was it
looks like more people now regards uh
the uh China as the leading economic
power. So 41% gave that title to China
versus 39% to the US. So it's a very
narrow lead but it's still significant
because couple of years ago it was
significantly more people that view US
the as the leading economic power. So
you're seeing that power dynamic
shifting and it looks like, you know,
the Chinese president's outreach to
Southeast Asia and to Africa has been
paying off just as the US is pulling
back internationally when it comes to
international aid and and international
outreach.
>> Mimo, our China correspondent there uh
with the latest and as we were talking
about, we have another bank that's come
through and upgrading their China GDP
forecast for this year. So A&Z is the
next one. This was quite an upgrade
though, right? From 4.2% 2% to 5.1% and
above of course that target
>> and it's yeah this is Raymond Young I
believe in his team right and you know
Raymond comes on the show every now and
then quite a regular of course in the
show and it's worth pointing out that
you know when you look at the the range
of forecasts over the last years or so
they A&Z has been rather conservative
when it when it comes to its estimates
right so this is something coming from
them and bumping up that forecast and it
follows two other banks this morning UBS
and Morgan Stanley that have upgrade
ated their own forecast for Chinese
growth following the release of the
growth numbers which came out this time
yesterday and of course this sort of
recalibration of what the next 6 months
might hold because of the starting point
right now going that moving forward okay
um markets are doing well of course and
this is a look at markets really as it
pertains to trade conversation Indonesia
of course we heard from that we've yet
to hear from the Indonesia the joint
statement uh Hong Kong is a beneficiary
but to a lesser extent now of highs of
the today because of the Nvidia story,
because of the trade conversation and of
course Taiwan, we did hear from them
earlier on that they do expect to inci
before the deadline on August 1st.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg
[Music]
David Hump day. So, we got to talk about
some drinks, drinking. Why not, right?
We made it through halfway through the
week. And if you've been tracking kind
of the best bars in Asia, Hong Kong took
the top crown once again.
>> Congratulations, Barleion, right? Um, so
I am going to be frank, I haven't been
to even I can't even say like 90% of
these bars, but Barlleion I have been to
and I and I love it. But yeah, we we
kind of come up with our own sort of
list as well, right here at Bloomberg
TV. We love doing that.
>> Yeah. So the
>> we're a thirsty bunch.
>> I mean, it's always happy hour somewhere
somewhere in the world. And you know,
like here's the thing, right? Here's the
thing. The you know, when people frown
upon day drinking, and I'm not
encouraging day drinking by any means,
right? where you fur the further away
you consume,
you know, a decent amount of alcohol, a
responsible amount of alcohol from the
time you wake up is probably a better
thing than the closer you finish your
last drink and you wake up,
>> right? So, if you in other words, the
you're you're you're simply putting that
gap between your consumption and David's
giving us his drinking doesn't matter.
>> Yeah. His drinking uh habits.
>> Yeah. on on this morning.
>> Well, I was going to say this, but the
last time someone invited me out for a
drink was at 1:00 in the afternoon.
>> Okay. Yes,
>> that that fits me more too in my
schedule these days. Um, okay. The China
show had we kind of came up our own
list.
>> Uh, let chime in to see if you agree.
Right. These are the ones. But Hong Kong
though, we we focus it more on Hong
Kong.
>> Yeah. To be more specific. Yeah. Don't
>> Which one was yours, Dave?
>> Uh, Forbes 36.
>> Okay. I know that one.
>> That's That's our local watering hole.
And I don't need anything fancy. Really?
>> You got to love a good dive dive bar.
Little, you know, neighborhood joint,
right?
>> The stickier the floor, the better.
>> Ah, you can actually hear it.
>> Yes.
>> Um, yeah. Mine's just
>> What was yours?
>> I I'm so lame. I couldn't think of one,
so I didn't submit in time, but I'm
going to suggest now my couch. That is
where I like to have a nice beverage
from time
>> when when Ivon opens up those very
expensive bottles of
>> I mean, I'm in my era. my my mama era. I
can't really go out and you know.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, next time for 36 on me. I I'll get
you a half a pint of IPA.
>> Shout out to them.
>> Anyway, something to cheers about is
this market that is doing quite well
here in Hong Kong. In fact, if we do
close above at the current levels on the
hanging index, we were we are at around
threeear highs. We'll see it not whether
we are able to uh get across the the
line today. We're at 246 right now.
2,800 to 2500 in fact earlier on but as
you can see we've since paired back from
there. Uh big winners today so far
Alibaba Health all the way down to the
IIA place in terms of BU this in the
news today as well.
>> Yeah. So this partnership with Uber
certainly has been lifting the stock a
little bit here as well. So B is up two
and a half%. We're off some of the
initial highs but the tech space is
still looking pretty strong right now.
That's it for us here in the China show
inside with Helena. Cheers next.
[Music]